# 每天一句
* Don't limit yourself. You can go as far as your mind lets you.
* Do you love humanity and to save it?
* Be sure you put your feet on the right place,then stand firm.
* A river cuts throught rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence.
* Don't watch the clock. Do what it does.Keep going.
* Happiness isn't something you put inside, it's already here.Sometimes you just need someone to help you find it.
* Always do your best.What you plant now, you will harvest later.
* Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
* Knowing is not enough, we mush apply. Willing is not enough, we mush do.
* In order to succeed, we mush first believe that we can.
* Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.

# 常用短语
* call a mechanic 打电话(叫人维修) ring a mechanic 
* designer clothes 名牌服装
* lend a hand 搭把手  i am happy to **lend hand**
* be fed up with somebody: 厌倦,受够了 i am really fed up with her.
* I didn't mean it literally: 这不是字面上的意思
* give sb. a pay rise .给某人涨工资
* bump into 偶遇
* stick your tongue out .伸出你的舌头 stick out 突出， 坚持， 醒目
* take the liberty of doing sth 擅自做某事，冒昧做某事

# 成语 Phrase,idiom

## English we speak

* Go The Extra Mile 加倍努力:In English,when you tell someone go the extra mile, you're telling them to make more effort than usual to achieve their objectives.
* Crystal clear 简单清晰：If we say something is crystal clear, we simply mean it's absoutely clear.
* Rabbit in the headlights 惊慌失措: Someone who is too nerver to move or speak.
* Have a word 我们得谈谈 A short,serious discussion about a sensitive topic.
* Wake up and smell the coffee 认清事实，清醒点儿吧: you don't know something that's obvious.
* On the tip of my tongue 一时想不起来什么事情:There is something you can't quite remember,but hopefully will soon.
* chew the fat 闲聊:Mean to talk in a friend way,without exchanging too much serious information.
* What's the Damage:The phrase can be used to ask how much you owe someone for something.
* Easy tiger:calm down, and not to rush into something.
